[ESP32] Compilation fix when IPV4 is disabled. (#33085)
project-chip/connectedhomeip: docs/guides/esp32/config_options.md

# Configuration options

> This file lists down few config options to be enabled in through menuconfig for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This file lists down few config options to be configured through menuconfig for
```

specific scenarios.

### Building with IPV4 Disabled

> Enable the options below through `idf.py menuconfig` and build the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure below options through `idf.py menuconfig` and build the app.
```
